Don't let him go to the pregnant woman and wait for my news
You're not getting a divorce?
I'll go talk to him first
talk
Are you still planning to get a divorce?
But I feel ashamed of him
So I'm going to meet and ask in person
I know. What about Lucy?
What's wrong with him?
He is also married
And he feels that he has a good relationship with his husband
It's a big illusion.
I'll solve my problem first.
So when do you plan to see Yunyao?
I'll make an appointment for you.
Don't you need the gift you bought last time?
You threw it away.
I'll go and pick out another one for you.
No need, I'll buy it myself.
Come out with me.
Ah!
Mr. Shen, you are wronged.
It's my fault too
Blame me
Who can know
He turned against you for a woman
Don't they all say that he only sees work?
I don't think so either.
Hehe
It's a lover
Then can this woman take advantage of it?
use
I just saved my business with my old face
Absolutely no more forks
Let him be proud for a while
My cooperation is complete.
See how I treat him
Mr. Gu, you have no plans to travel today
Temporary change
Is something wrong?
What do you women like?
Do you want to give a gift?
How old is the other party?
I'm pissed.
that
Give jewelry
Women love and deserve his status
Last I heard he was divorced
Now it's time to pick the gift for him yourself.
It seems they are reconciled
That's the only thing he cares about. He should like him very much, right?
mainland
Yes